>> Mathew DesLauriers: One other thing I
just wanted to show, and this is kind of
an experimental feature of canvas sketch,
but it's kind of a cool feature.
It starts to show where this tool can go
in the future and how it can be more and
more of a really,
really good workflow for creative coding.
So instead of just running
Canvas sketch on my share file,
I'm going to run the same thing, but I'm
going to specify this flag called --hot.
And now when I reload and
when I start coding, and I save my file,
it's going to hot reload all
of the changes into my scene.
And so the result of that is that it's
a much more immediate feedback as you're
coding and as you're saving your file.
Because the changes in your
code aren't producing this very
bright flash of white as the page reloads.
It's just taking the new code and
it's rerunning it, and
it's applying those changes
without changing the time, or
without changing the seconds of
how long your loop is running.
So that's just something to keep in mind.
It's a bit more of an advanced feature.
But if you are using this tool,
you could definitely use that.
And it actually works, not just for
the shaders, but with WebGL and with 2DR,
it works as well.
Starts to become really useful as you're
doing more generative art sort of stuff.
But it's not something
we'll do too much today.
I just wanted to show you
guys that feature and
how sort of the future features of this
tool are gonna get better and better.
Another feature that is gonna come up
eventually with this tool Is parameters,
like little sliders in the top right.
So you can start to really easily,
let's say you wanted to add a color here.
Instead of specifying your colors with
vec 3s, eventually in this tutorial,
you're gonna be able to use color
pickers and stuff like that.
But I just haven't built those in yet,
so they're still a work in progress.